Q1) Write the difference between JRE, JDK and JVM?

 JRE:- JRE is the combination of JVM and predefine classes.
       JRE is majorly responsible for creating environment for code execution.
 
 JDK:- JDK is the combination of JRE and Development tools like java compiler, debugger, etc.
       JDK is primarily used for code execution and has prime functionality of development.

 JVM:- JVM is the java virtual machine.JVM specifies all the implementations and 
       responsible to provide these implementations to JRE.


Q2) Write the difference between JSE, JEE and JME?

 JSE:- JSE stands for Java standard Edition
       This is the core Java platform, it is a specification, which contains the core libraries to
     develop standalone, networking, database, GUI, multithreaded types of applications.
      In addition to the core API, the Java SE platform consists of the virtual machine,
      development tools, deployment technologies and other class libraries and toolkit
      commonly used in Java application.

  JEE:- JEE stands for Java Enterprise Edition.
        The Java EE platform provides an API and runtime environment for developing and
        running large-scale, multi-tiered, scalable, reliable, and secure network applications.

   JME:-Java Micro Edition
        It is a subset of Java SE, designed used for microdevices and embedded development
        like mobile phones,smart watches, sensors, micro-controller, TV set-top boxes etc.

Q3) How does java achieve platform independency?

    Java achieve's platform independency by converting the source code into bytecode,which can be run
    into multiple platform.

Q4) What are features of Java and explain them?

    Features of Java:-
    ----------------------

    1.Simple:- Java is easy to learn and its syntax is quite simple, clean and easy to
              understand.
     
    2.Object-Oriented:- Java is object-oriented, it supports all the OOPS
             characteristics. This makes java applications easy to develop and maintain,
             compared to structured programming language.
     
    3.Portable and Platform Independent:- Java source code is compiled and
              converted into bytecode. this bytecode can run on multiple platforms i.e. Write Once
              and Run Anywhere(WORA), we can compile the java code in one Operating
               System and execute it on another Operating System.

     4.Secure:- JAVA has provided an implicit component inside JVM in the form of a
                “Security Manager”  to provide implicit security against malicious code. Java has
                 provided very good predefined implementations for almost all well-known network
                 security. JAVA has provided a separate middleware service in JAAS [Java              
                 Authentication and Authorization Service], which provides web security. Auth, SSO.
        
     5.Robust:- Robust means strong. Java is having a very good memory management
                system in the form of a heap memory management system, it is a dynamic memory
                management system, it allocates and deallocates memory for the objects at
                runtime. JAVA is having very good Exception Handling mechanisms, because, Java
                has provided a very good predefined library to represent and handle almost all the
                frequently generated exceptions in java applications.

     6.Multithreaded:- Java supports multithreading to enhance performance. by using
                       this we can execute multiple functionalities simultaneously.






