1. Select the names of all the products in the store.

Answer:- SELECT name from Products;

2. Select the names and the prices of all the products in the store.

Answer:- SELECT name,price from Products;

3. Select the name of the products with a price less than or equal to $200.

Answer:- SELECT name from Products where price<=200;

4. Select all the products with a price between $60 and $120.

Answer:- SELECT * from Products where price BETWEEN 60 and 120;

5. Select the name and price in cents (i.e., the price must be multiplied by 100).

Answer:- SELECT name,price*100 from Products;

6. Compute the average price of all the products.

Answer:- SELECT avg(price) from Products;

7. Compute the average price of all products with manufacturer code equal to 2.

Answer:- SELECT avg(price) from Products WHERE manufacturer = 2;

8. Compute the number of products with a price larger than or equal to $180.

Answer:- SELEct COUNT(*) from Products where price>=180;

9. Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or equal to $180, and sort first by price (in descending order), and then by name (in ascending order).

Answer:-SELECT name,price from Products where price>=180 order by price desc;
        
        SELEct name,price from Products where price>=180 order by name;
           
10. Select all the data from the products, including all the data for each product's manufacturer.

Answer:-SELEct p.code,p.name,p.price,p.manufacturer,m.name FROM Products p INNER JOIN Manufacturers m ON p.manufacturer=m.Code;

11. Select the product name, price, and manufacturer name of all the products.

Answer:-SELEct p.name,p.price,m.name FROM Products p INNER JOIN Manufacturers m ON p.manufacturer=m.Code;

12. Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing only the manufacturer's code.

Answer:-SELECT manufacturer,avg(price) FROM Products GROUP by manufacturer;

13. Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing the manufacturer's name.

Answer:-SELEct m.name,avg(p.price) FROM Products p INNER JOIN Manufacturers m on p.Manufacturer = m.Code GROUP by m.Name;

14. Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price larger than or equal to $150.

Answer:-SELEct m.name,avg(p.price) FROM Products p INNER JOIN Manufacturers m on p.Manufacturer = m.Code GROUP by m.Name HAVING avg(p.price)>=150;

15. Select the name and price of the cheapest product.

Answer:-SELECT name,min(price) from Products;
                      or
        SELECT name,price from Products order by price LIMIT 1;

16. Select the name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product.

Answer:-SELEct m.name,max(p.price) FROM Products p INNER JOIN Manufacturers m on p.Manufacturer = m.Code GROUP by m.Name;
